There are 5 document elements a <head> and <body> element can have on a page. The 5 elements on a page are meta elements, viewport elements, title elements, link elements, & a style elements. A meta element lives inside the head element and contains information about the webpage. The viewport element is users visibility area of a web page. The title elements defines the title of a document & the link element tells the browser about the resources the page may need to load. Lastly, the style element allows definitions to be created in a single HTML page without having the link to external documents. These elements all have different roles (listed above) but are found inside the <head> and </head> element & have different roles in a web page.

The Structural Markup is information about the structure of a document. In the Structural Markup it includes - headings, paragraphs, & lines. On the other hand, the Semantic Markup is used to reinforce the information in a document. For example, it could be used for placing emphasis on a word or phrase and identifying a word as being "strong". Lastly, the Semantic Markup can provide citations, quotations, or links to a definition. 

In this assignment, we had to create a page for a recipe of our choice. First, we used the 4 meta  elements such as character, author, description, & viewport for the page structure. Inside the head element we created 4 headings for the recipe name, "ingredients" section, "directions" section, & "contact me" section.

Inside the "ingredients" heading, we included a list of ingredients as a unordered list. Under the directions heading, we included steps for the completed dish as a ordered list. Then I added an image of the completed dish, and included my email, university's address, & a link to the completed dish external site (absolute URL).
