The Id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element. For the Id attributes an id given to one element should be different from every other elements id on the page (containing only a single unigue id value). The class attribute is an identifer and seletor value for HTML elements. The class attribute groups similar types of elements together by using the same name value & may have more than one class assignment. The span element is the inline equivalent of the div element but is used to identify text that needs to appear visually unique on he rendered HTML page. The div element should inckude a class or id attribute to provide either a reference to styling code and/or information to developers about the inner content. 

Altnerative text provides a detailed description in the case where the image is important to understand the content of the page. This attribute is required in the element & is used for proper style and accessibility standards. The key for alternative text is using alt="" and the value in double quotes should describe the image provided. The description is used for screen writes or people who are visually impaired.  

In this assignment, we first started off by using the 4 main documents and 4 meta elements to create the page. Then we used an example style sheet for the style element for the page. After that we created 5 div elements, each with an id for art, audio, video, lyrics, and copyright. We provided each one of the id elements with the class of "container". Under the art section I included the album art with the full image element. In the audio section,I provided a service-hosted track (soundcloud). In the video section, I embedded a service hosted video (youtube). In the lyrics section, I added a song lyrics using HTML paragraphs. And finally under the copyright section, I included 3 Media Arts Logo files as a multiple-source video element. I also said that I did not own this material and it was used as a school project. Lastly, under the copyright section I included a Google Map image with University of Montana's physical address. 
