The imaginary client was a barbecue restaurant owner who needed a website for their business. They needed the color to be red & orange since it matched up with their logo. Also, they needed 5 main tabs for their website - home page, contact page, about page, and gallery page. The layout they wanted was a nav bar with all of these included with 3 outside source tabs on the side. They needed a full description in their about page about their restaurant.

The difference between the display: inline-block value compared to the display: inline is that display: inline-block allows you to set a width  and height of an element. The display: inline-block the top and bottom margins & padding are respected, but display: inline is not. The display: block is different from the other two because it sets the element as a display of a block as paragraphs and headers have always been.

In this assignment the imaginary client was a barbecue restaurant business owner who needed a website for their business. First I created the 4 main document elements & 4 meta elements. Im every HTML page, I included a link for my stylesheet inside my head element. After that, I added a nav bar that links to all 5 main page - home page, contact page, about page, and gallery page. Next, I created a drop down page with 3 outside links and structured my page using divs, ids, or classes.

Then I used placeholder text in each of those 5 pages and included atleast 3 image elements with placeholder images. In the contact page, I created a form element with atleast 3 input elements and a submit button. After that I used position properties on my elements to create a layout for my page. I used color properties on my elements and included 2 complimentary fonts with a fall back for each font. Lastly, I added a pseduo-classes to my nav bar so it is interactive.
