13. The forms I came across while browsing the web are Web Forms, form tags, action attributes, action, method, ID and Class, & the form element. The form element are used by web developers to collect data from users on website that include drop down boxes, text entry (usernames, phone numbers, etc) & password inputs. Some other example are radio checkmarks/buttons (all that apply), buttons, & file uploads.

    The form tags uses <form> & </form> tags to include a form in a webpage. The action attributes is a link to server-side script. It is a code file (javascript, python) on server that will change or do something to user data before returning information back to browser. Methods forms can be sent using get or post. "Get" methods are added to the end of a URL and "post" method are sent into a HTTP header. "ID and Class" method can be used by other languages to refer to the specific form. The form element is a combination of action, method, and identification.

14. The examples of text types include text input, plain text, password, text area, max-length, columns and rows, placeholder, size, value, & autofocus. Text input can be used to create a text box where users can type information thats available in a browser such as birth year, birthday, etc. Password input can be used for login section of the browser of a website. Selection types include section input, radio buttons, the checkbox element, & the Selection box.
Selection input can be used on a survey's, multiple choice questions, etc. Checkbox element can be used for questionaries, surveys, & other multiple choice options/questions.

    Button types include the upload button, submit button, image button & the button element. Submit button can be used for sending forms to a server. The upload button can be used for opening a navigation window, selecting a file, or uploading it to the URL specified in the "action="" attribute.

15. For this assignment, I first included the 4 main document elements and the 4 main meta elements. Then I added a contact page with a heading and added the business location, phone numbers, & a link of my email address in the contact page. After that I formed a table that showed the hours & booking phone numbers for the UC Game Room. Next, I added 2 questions using 2 different forms of the input element. Under those questions, I included a comments section with a text-box under it which I used input attributes to adjust the text-box size. Lastly, I used a submit button under the comments section for my button of my choice.
