I am having a great experience using HTML and it is very interesting to learn all the futures it provides. I thought adding the same coding for each assignment was old but made it easy for every assignment. For example, adding the 4 main document elements and 4 meta elements made the assignment easier but it got old using it for each assignment. I thought it was interesting to learn how to make each individual sections and having a link that allows you to alternate between each page. Lastly, the formatting & coding was difficult to learn at first but I am picking it up now and its become easier. It just helps by re-typing certain codes out so you remember them for the next assignment. 

I am excited to learn more about CCS and Styling in the next section that helps decorate the HTML. For example, I wanted to learn how to use different selector types (style.ss element), changes in element size, & position. Also, I am interested in changing the color of text, & the opacity of an element. So far I learned a lot about styling, but I am anxious to learn new styles, formats, etc in CCS.

In this assignment, I first started out listing the 4 main documents & 4 meta elements. Then I created a style element with simple styling that brings all the pages together. I included a home page, about page, & a contact page for those 3 pages. In the index.html (home page) I included my recipe, ingredients, & steps on how to make the recipe with a image, desciption for each step. Under the home page, I used div id to separate each step for the recipe. I used semantic & Structural HTML under each page. After that I included a paragraph in the about page for the reason why I chose the recipe, what it means to me, & where others could learn more about cooking. In the contact page, I created a form elements which contain at least 3 input elements with a submit button. I also included a table for a rating for the recipe. Lastly, I included an external link on the home page on where I found the recipe (website).
