I learned a lot about github and how you can upload new files to it. I didn't know many other sites that allowed that and once I first created assignment 1 I was shocked. It was a great opportunity to learn how to use another site and always wanted to learn how to create my own site. I created one last summer and it was nothing like the one I created for my final assignment.

I learned a lot more to web design then using a simple website creator. I learned how to add fonts, color, and media sources. Another part of web design that was different than the web creator was using html & CSS. Those were difficult to learn at first but I believe I learned a lot of new coding from it. I also learned how to set up a website using files & folders inside atom. This course was beneficial for me and I was glad I enrolled in the course for Summer 2020.

In my final assignment, I picked my Dad's Barbecue restaurant as my subject and provided an index page, contact page, about page, services pages, & gallery page. I first setup the layout of the page then included a nav bar on top that included the 5 pages. After that I used div tags, ids, to set up the structure of the page. Next, I used structural and semantic html in my page and used one form with three input elements and a submit button. I included many images and used a youtube video of someone cooking brisket. I used many forms of fonts, font usage, & color theory on my website I created. Lastly, I added my logo to my page and added social media links on the side. 
