The universal selector is used to style every element on a page and is represented by a (* - star). The element selector is used to selected all elements of a certain page. The element selector is represented by an element name (example: h2). The class selector element is represented by a (. - dot) to the front of the class name in CSS. The class selector is a good way to select elements that have similar functions. The Id selectors allows developers to define style rules for a specific element. The id names include a # sign which come before the id name (example: #para-4). You might choose one over the other because they all have different features. For example, the universal selector styles every element of the page where the id selector defines style rules to a specific element.

The three colors I chose for this assignment are avocado, harvest gold, & burnt sienna. For the avocado color, the hex code was #568203. For the harvest gold color, the hex code was #F3BC65. For the burnt sienna color, the hex code was #E87451. I also included a fourth color (teak) and the hex code for that was #c29467. 

For this assignment, I began by choosing the 1960's decade and researched the design trends of that period. The three related colors for the 1960's are avocado, harvest gold, & burnt sienna. I also included three graphics (illustrations) that included the three colors I selected for the 1960's period. First, I listed the 4 main document elements and 4 meta elements. Inside the head element, I attached a link element and created a style.css linking it with the index.html page. I used div (square) and used an id that included the individual color. I included 2 images of the graphics (illustration) from the webpage I found them on. I then created a background property, size, opacity, position, & set the color of the text for an element. Lastly, I included more text to the page and added a CSS comment.
